Update KIC troubleshooting for 2.9 and add GWAPI port note (#5196)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/guides/using-gateway-api.md

matching criteria for HTTP requests and upstream Services to route those
requests to.

https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3314

{:.important}
> The Gateway API specification binds HTTPRoutes to one or more listeners in
> a Gateway resource. These listeners have a specific port, and HTTPRoutes
> should only be available on their listeners' ports per the specification.

> > Kong's HTTP proxy implementation [does not support this](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3314):
> > if you configure multiple HTTP ports, Kong serves all HTTP routes on all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Kong's HTTP proxy implementation [doesn't support this](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3314).
> If you configure multiple HTTP ports, Kong serves all HTTP routes on all
```

> {:.important}
> > The Gateway API specification binds HTTPRoutes to one or more listeners in
> > a Gateway resource. These listeners have a specific port, and HTTPRoutes
> > should only be available on their listeners' ports per the specification.
> > Kong's HTTP proxy implementation [does not support this](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3314):
> > if you configure multiple HTTP ports, Kong serves all HTTP routes on all
> > ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version gte:2.9.x %}
{:.important}
> The Gateway API specification binds HTTPRoutes to one or more listeners in
> a Gateway resource. These listeners have a specific port, and HTTPRoutes
> should only be available on their listeners' ports per the specification.
> Kong's HTTP proxy implementation [does not support this](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3314):
> if you configure multiple HTTP ports, Kong serves all HTTP routes on all
> ports.
{% endif_version %}
```
If this note is specific to 2.9.x or later, we can make this conditional so it only displays for that version or later.

Author: This is true for all existing versions. We just didn't call it out before.
